Historical version
"Baidu" mobile application privacy policy
Welcome to use the services provided by the "Baidu" mobile application! Baidu Company (the Chinese Privacy Policy refers to Beijing Baidu Netxun Technology Co., Ltd., also known as "we") attaches great importance to your privacy protection and personal information protection. This Privacy Policy applies to your access and use of the services provided by the "Baidu" mobile application in any way.

"Baidu" mobile application (also known as "Baidu App" or "This Software" in certain functional scenarios of this "Baidu" mobile application), refers to a mobile application product named "Baidu". You can search for information, browse information, watch videos or live broadcasts, publish and interact, shopping/payment, read novels and animations, social and follow, instant messaging, check weather, mini games, download files, register/login to Baidu account, shopping payment, etc. through the "Baidu" mobile application (hereinafter collectively referred to as "'Baidu' mobile application products or services").

The "Baidu" mobile application includes but is not limited to multiple application versions such as iOS, Android, Harmony OS, etc. Please select the version that matches the installed terminal device when using the "Baidu" mobile application. The personal information that the "Baidu" mobile application may obtain depends on the version of the "Baidu" mobile application you are using, the specific type/version of the terminal device you are using, and the functions you are using. The internal components of the "Baidu" mobile application include Baidu Map, Baidu Advertising, Baidu Huitui, Baidu Push, Baidu Login, Baidu Message, Baidu Statistics and other self-developed SDKs. They are an integral part of mobile application technology services. The acquisition of personal information is explained in this privacy policy in conjunction with business functions.

In the "Baidu" mobile application and related versions (including Baidu Speed ​​Edition, Baidu Changting Edition, Baidu Care Edition, Baidu Browser, hao123APP), we use relevant technologies to synchronize and unify accounts and usage records to provide you with consistent services and user experience under the same functions of each related version. The actual functions of the associated version may differ slightly. If the associated version has an independent privacy policy, the privacy policy of the associated version shall apply at the same time; if the two are inconsistent, the privacy policy of the associated version shall prevail.

This privacy policy is intended to help you understand what personal information we collect, why we collect it, what it does with it and how to protect it. You agree to this Privacy Policy that you have understood and agreed that in order to realize the service, we will process your personal information in relevant functional scenarios, but we will not collect all your personal information in a package just because you authorize and agree to this Privacy Policy. We will strictly follow the requirements of laws and regulations and seek your separate consent under certain circumstances. In addition to this privacy policy, we may also explain to you the rules for processing your personal information through product page notifications, pop-up prompts, information push, etc. The personal information processing situation corresponding to specific business functions will be subject to the specific rules, and the specific rules have the same effect as this privacy policy.

Unless otherwise provided by laws and administrative regulations, you have the right to know and decide on how we process your personal information, and have the right to restrict or deny us or other parties' processing of your personal information; at the same time, you have the right to ask us to explain the personal information processing rules we provide to you. Please read and understand this privacy policy carefully before using the "Baidu" mobile application and related products and services in order to make appropriate choices.

This Privacy Policy will help you understand the following:
1. The information we collect and the corresponding purpose of use

2. How we use cookies and similar technologies

3. How we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information

4. How we store and protect your personal information

5. Your rights

6. How we process personal information of minors

7. How to update this policy

8. How to contact us

We are well aware of the importance of personal information to you, and we also well know that providing effective protection for your information is the cornerstone of the healthy and sustainable development of our business. Thank you for your use and trust in "Baidu"! We solemnly promise that we will take corresponding security protection measures to protect your personal information in accordance with the industry's mature security standards.

1. The information we collect and the corresponding purpose of use
We will collect and use your personal information in accordance with the principles of lawfulness, legitimateness and necessity. Specifically, we collect and process your personal information in order to provide you with corresponding business functions. In the corresponding function, if you provide other people's personal information, please make sure you have obtained it.With the authorization of relevant entities, we reserve the right to verify the legal sources of such personal information at any time.

For your understanding, we will list the business functions, processing purposes and personal information we provide as follows:

1.1. Search and browse
You do not need to log in to your Baidu account to use the search and browse services of the "Baidu" mobile application to obtain various information including pictures, texts, videos, live broadcasts, novels, products, same city, local life services, etc. In order to fulfill the network security obligations stipulated by laws and regulations, the responsibility for Internet information content management, and the necessary requirements for providing services to you, our servers will automatically record your activity information in accordance with the law, including the following:

Your search history includes search information (search terms, pictures, language information), click browsing history, search time, number of times and related operational behavior records
Your browsing history, your clicks, reads, collections, posts, follow, comments, likes, share, forwards and other operational behavior records
Your live broadcast/information stream/video playback information and operation behavior records
Your device information, including hardware model, operating system version and system situation, device configuration, advertising identifier IDFA, supplier identifier IDFV, anonymous device identifier OAID, Android ID, UAID, browser type, telecom operator, language used, WIFI information (SSID, BSSID), sensor information, screen resolution, device version, etc.
Your other log information
We may also use the aforementioned information to bring you more convenient search and information flow services and continuously improve "Baidu" mobile application products and services. For this purpose, we may also use mechanisms such as browser network storage (including HTML5) and application data cache to collect information on your device and store it locally, and show you search history. If you are not logged in to your account, we will record your activity information through the corresponding identifier information of the device.

We also provide you with a traceless browsing mode. When you choose to enable traceless browsing, your search history and browsing history will not be recorded and displayed locally.

When providing you with search, information flow, and weather services, in order to provide you with services that are more in line with your search/browsing needs (such as providing you with local/same city/city channel services, providing more accurate search results, and information flow recommendations), we will use location information related to this service. Location information includes precise location information obtained through GPS information, WLAN access points, Bluetooth, base stations, and other sensor information, as well as rough geographical location information obtained through IP addresses or other network information. When you use this function, we will request the authorization of the exact geographical location permission. If you refuse to authorize the exact geographical location permission, we will not provide you with the above services based on the precise location information. We will only provide you with the city and/or district information corresponding to the IP address or other network information and the rough location information estimated based on other network location information. Please understand that the IP address information we use has been de-identified. Data analysis and speculation only correspond to specific encodings that cannot directly associate your identity and will not be associated with your real information.

You can stop our collection of your precise location information at any time by unauthorizing the "Baidu" mobile application. After that, you may not be able to use the related services or functions provided based on the precise location information, or you may not be able to achieve the results proposed by the related services provided based on the precise location information. But this will not affect your normal use of "Baidu" mobile application and other business functions that cannot be achieved based on precise location information.

We provide you with device-based voice recognition functions and image recognition functions to provide you with voice search services and image search services. If you use voice search service, we will apply for recording permissions on your device system. After your authorization and consent, we will collect your voice information, send your voice commands to the server, and then provide feedback based on your voice commands. You can learn more about voice search services through [My] - [Settings] - [Voice Settings] in the "Baidu" mobile application.

If you use the image search service, we will apply for album permissions and camera permissions of your device system, so that you can upload pictures through the album or take photos to upload pictures. After your authorization and consent, we will collect your image information, send your image to the server, and then provide feedback based on your image. If you choose to use functions such as measuring facial features, measuring skin, measuring blessings, and editing photos when using the image search service, we will collect, process the character portrait information you provide, send your facial portrait image to the server, and then provide feedback based on your picture. Our processing is only used for this function.

You can obtain your recording permissions, album permissions, and camera permissions at any time by canceling the system authorization of the "Baidu" mobile application, and stop our collection of your information. After that, you may not be able to use the above-mentioned related services or functions based on voice information and picture information, or you may not be able to achieve the effects intended for the above-mentioned related services based on voice information and picture information. However, it does not affect your normal use of the "Baidu" mobile application other business functions that cannot be achieved based on the above permissions.

1.2. Register, log in to an account and manage
You can create a Baidu universal account through your mobile phone number, and you can improve your account information. When you register and use Baidu General Account, you need to read and agree to the Baidu User Agreement. You must continue to comply with the agreement during your use of Baidu General Account.

When registering or logging into Baidu Universal Account, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number. You can choose to set your account name, avatar, login password, and account binding email.

You can set up your own settings to fill in your account information, including account nickname, gender, age, city, signature and other introductions to improve your public information information. We also provide you with the option of not displaying, you can decide whether to fill in and display your account information publicly.

You can also use a third-party account (such as WeChat, Weibo, QQ) to log in to the "Baidu" mobile application. At this time, you will authorize the "Baidu" mobile application to obtain public information (including your nickname, avatar and other information you authorized) to register with the third-party account.

In order to meet the mandatory requirements of laws and regulations such as the "Anti-Telecom Network Fraud Law" and "Internet User Account Information Management Regulations", as necessary to provide products or services, or based on your needs to enhance account protection level, and ensure the authenticity of user identity, when you use specific functional services (such as live broadcast, apply for cash withdrawal, activate business services, account password recovery, account appeal, security authentication, etc.), you must provide your real identity information (such as name, ID number, facial information, bank card information) to complete account real-name authentication. In order to verify the accuracy and completeness of the information you provide, or to ensure the security of your account, we may compare and verify the real-name information you provide to Baidu with your corresponding information saved by institutions permitted by laws and regulations or institutions authorized by government agencies. You can choose whether to perform real-name authentication on your own. If the account is not authenticated by real-name authentication, it will not affect your use of other functions or services that you can use without real-name authentication. However, when we have reasonable reasons to believe that your account is at risk, we may also verify the security of the account through real-name authentication.

If you do not register an account or log in to the "Baidu" mobile application, it will not hinder you from using most of the business functions of the "Baidu" mobile application, but may affect you to use business functions that need to be used with a real name.

You can apply for certification at the "Certification Center". We will complete identity and career certification, hobby certification or other certification services you choose based on the different types of certification services you choose and the corresponding supporting materials provided. Authentication marks and authentication information will be displayed publicly in your account.

You can choose whether to log in to the "Baidu" mobile application through "one-click login". If you choose this login method, the operator will process your mobile phone number information.

1.3. Publish and interact
When you post text news, articles, audio and videos, pictures, etc., or activate live broadcasts or comments, we will collect information, feedback, comments, uploaded pictures, audio and videos, live broadcast content, etc. from you, and display your nickname, avatar, published content and information, or recommend relevant content publishers to you. When you choose the location where the display is published, we will apply for your location information for you to choose to publish the display.

When you use the functions of uploading, downloading and publishing pictures, audio and videos, and live broadcasts, we will apply for camera, photos, and recording permissions of your device system. If you refuse authorization to provide, you will not be able to use the corresponding functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions that can be achieved without the above permissions.

When you use live broadcast and other functions, in order to provide you with filters, beauty, stickers, we will process your facial information locally. Our processing is only used for this function, and we will not return, store or share any of your facial feature value information unless otherwise specified and obtained your consent.

When you follow or share an account, or browse, collect, follow, comment,When like and forwarding, we will collect the aforementioned information of you and display the content posted by the account of the corresponding content publisher, or recommend similar content or content publishers that you may be interested in, and gather and display your public interactive information to the content publisher.

When you share information or receive shared information or participate in activities, we will read passwords, links and other content in the clipboard to achieve jump and share information content. When you choose to actively copy and paste, we will read your clipboard, but we will not store other information about your clipboard.

The information you choose to publish publicly will in principle be visible to all users. If it involves your personal information or even sensitive personal information, please consider it with caution. If the information you publish publicly involves personal information about others, you must obtain the consent of others before making it public.

Based on relevant requirements of laws and regulations, when you use the publishing interactive service, we will display your IP address attribution (country, region, province and city) on your personal homepage, publishing information, comments, etc. The location information shall be subject to the data provided by the network operator.

1.4. Functional operation and customer service processing
"Baidu" mobile application will initiate operational activities for newly launched services and functions from time to time. If the launched new services require processing of your personal information or applying for device system permissions, and we will obtain your consent without your authorization and consent before, among which, if it involves processing of sensitive personal information, we will obtain your separate consent.

If you participate in related operational activities, we may collect information including but not limited to your identity information, contact information, address, and transaction account through the operational activity interface so that we can contact you, send you operational rewards, etc. If you do not participate in related operational activities, you do not need to provide the above information. If you need to invite friends to participate in or share an event, we may apply to access your address book. With your authorization and consent, we will highly encrypt the information in the address book and use it to recommend friends in the address book who can participate in the event. If you refuse us to access your address book, you can also invite friends to participate in the event in other ways.

If you have questions about the products and services we provide or need customer service to intervene in dispute resolution, in order to verify your identity and locate your problems, you may need to provide your identity information for verification. In order to ensure the quality of communication and ensure that disputes are properly resolved, we may keep your communication records with us, including chat history, call history, information you provide related to your dispute resolution, and contact information you use or retain.

When you use desktop widgets, in order to ensure that the desktop widget display information is updated and run normally, we will interact with the system broadcast from time to time. This behavior may be recorded as self-start, but this is necessary to implement widget functions and services.

1.5. Friends' recommendation
We will use the user's active authorization to access the address book permissions to recommend friends in the address book to users. Please be aware that if the address book uploaded by other users contains your contact information and other information, the system may also recommend friends to you or recommend you to the corresponding user based on this information.

We will recommend friends to you and other users based on your browsing history, followers, fans, link sharing, interactive behavior (such as comments, likes) and other information. You can authorize and manage it in [My]-[Settings]-[Privacy Settings].

1.6. Message notification
For your contact information (for example, contact number, contact email) provided by you during the use of the products and/or services, we may send multiple notifications to one or more of them during the operation for user message notification, identity verification, security verification, user experience research and other purposes. In addition, we may also provide you with commercial information such as services, functions or activities that may be of interest to you through text messages or phone calls. If you are unwilling to accept this information, you can unsubscribe through the unsubscribe method provided in your mobile phone text messages, or you can contact us directly to unsubscribe.

We will push hot topics, interactive messages, follow fans, operational activities, service progress, asset changes, etc. through the device's system notification. If you do not want to accept relevant notifications, you can choose to turn off the notification function in the device, or select the information and notification preferences you want to receive in [My]-[Settings]-[Message Settings] in the "Baidu" mobile application.

When you use the Message Notification Service, we may collect and use your location information in order to push more relevant message notifications to you. You can cancel the system authorization at any time”Baidu's mobile application obtains your location permissions and stops our collection of your information.

1.7 Interaction based on device dynamic expansion
When you use our products/services, we may collect your sensor information to adapt to the status of your device. When you play video, we will switch horizontal and vertical screen functions through the gyroscope and acceleration sensor gravity sensing, so that you can get a better video viewing experience. When you use innovative advertising interaction functions (such as shake, twist, etc.), we will use the device acceleration sensor to identify and judge your device status and provide you with jump services. When you are playing voice messages, we use the distance sensor to detect the distance to determine whether to use a speaker or a handset to play. We will only process your sensor data locally and will not associate it with your other personal information. Please be aware that sensor data does not belong to personal information and cannot be directly or combined with other information or identify your identity.

1.8 Tools
When you purchase products or services in the "Baidu" mobile app, we or the third party providing the services will generate your order information. In order to facilitate you to understand, query order information and manage order information, we will collect and summarize the order information you generated during the use of our services to display it to you and facilitate your order management. You can view and manage your order information through [My]-[Order].

To facilitate your understanding, query and management, the delivery addresses you retained during the purchase of goods or services and participate in operation activities are displayed in [My Address]. You can view, add, modify, and delete your address information at any time. When you add an address, in order to facilitate your filling, based on your proactive authorization, we will retrieve your location information to display and add detailed addresses for you.

The "Baidu" mobile application provides you with wallet services. You can manage virtual props, card coupons and other assets enjoyed by your Baidu unified account under the wallet function. When you use Baidu Wallet Balance Inquiry Service, in order to provide you with wallet balance assets displayed to third parties (Du Xiaoman, Baixin Bank), based on your active authorization and consent, we will apply to the third party to obtain your payment account, bank account number, and account asset information.

When you perform file download/download management, we will obtain your storage permissions. We will record your download content and display it in the file/download, and you can manage it independently. When you need to use the screen projection function, we need to apply for your local network permissions.

1.9. Operation and security
When you use the "Baidu" mobile application, in order to ensure that you use the "Baidu" mobile application service normally, more accurately locate and solve the problems you encounter when using the "Baidu" mobile application service, analyze the stability of products and services, ensure the account security and property security of your and other users, prevent, discover, investigate fraud, cheating, endangering security, illegal or violate the agreements, policies or rules with us, and protect the legitimate rights and interests of you, us or our affiliates, partners and the public, we will collect your device identifiers (IDFA, IDFV, OAID, Android ID, GAID), hardware model, device parameters and system information, operating system version and system status, device configuration, browser type, telecom operator, language used, network access and status information, IP address, WLAN access point (such as SSID, BSSID), Bluetooth, base station, software version number, sensor, service log and other information related to device operation and login environment. We will access your installed application information, software list, and running process information. We will only access other application information and software list related information you installed when we judge user behavior or the device triggers risk control conditions.

1.10. Recommended algorithms and automated decision-making
You agree that we will use our own or trustee technology to gather, integrate, identify, analyze, data portrait or further process the personal information generated by the process you actively provide or use in this service, and form tag information with various types and different granularities that can reflect your behavioral habits, interests, hobbies, or credit status and other characteristics (hereinafter referred to as "label information"). We will use tag information for specific scenarios and purposes to make automated decisions, and push personalized information and/or commercial marketing information to you. In addition to the information in this service is used for convergence, we may associate and aggregate information collected from your various devices so that we can provide you with consistent services on these devices. For example, We may associate your device information or phone number with your Baidu account. In order to provide you with a consistent experience, your personal information may be gathered and integrated with the personal information you provide in other products and services we operate, and may further process it into label information and be used in the process of providing you with this service or other products and services we operate. This type of information that is aggregated and integrated does not contain information that can directly identify your personal identity. We will ensure the safe processing of information after the information is aggregated and integrated.

Personalized recommendation: We will recommend content that you may be more interested in and more relevant based on the above information and your search and browsing behavior information in the "Baidu" mobile application, device information (device identifiers such as Android ID, OAID, IDFA, IDFV, GAID; device hardware information, operating system information, sensors, network information, WLAN access point, Bluetooth and base station information, IP address), account information (account information, identity, authentication, usage records associated with the account) and location information, as well as other information that has obtained your authorization. The scope of our personalized recommendation services includes but is not limited to displaying pictures or texts or videos/live content, providing information retrieval, recommending products, services or advertisements, providing personalized product functions, etc. We will continuously train and feedback the recommended model based on your usage behavior to adjust and optimize the recommendation results; in order to prevent homogeneous content concentration and meet your diverse needs, we continuously adjust the optimization model through machine learning and manual intervention, and comprehensively use strategies such as content deduplication and breaking intervention to enrich and expand the recommended content. In personalized recommendation services, we will also provide you with a convenient rejection method. We have established an autonomous control mechanism for users to rely on interest tags on personalized display to ensure your ability to regulate the degree of relevance of personalized display.

Sorting of hot search lists: In order to explore hot events on the entire network and display the hot events that netizens are most concerned about to users, we will combine the statistical information related to hot events, automatically calculate and comprehensively analyze the popularity of the event through a computer algorithm model, and automatically sort according to the popularity value of hot words, and display the sorting results to users on the list. For Baidu's hot search ranking rules, please refer to the "Baidu hot search list rules".

Automated decision-making activities also rely on our processing of your usage behavior information, device information, location information, and tag information. If we make decisions that have a significant impact on your personal rights through automated decision making, you have the right to ask us to explain through this policy “How to Contact Us” and have the right to refuse us to make decisions through automated decision making only.

1.11. Indirect collection of information
In order to jointly provide you with products/services or improve the quality and personalization of products and services, or for reasonable needs such as considering the safety of products and services, we may receive your personal information and other information from Baidu platform, affiliated companies, partners and other trusted third-party suppliers in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations or based on your effective authorization. We will ask the personal information provider to explain the source of personal information in advance and confirm the legality of the source of personal information. At the same time, we will understand the scope of authorized consent for the processing of personal information obtained by the personal information provider. If the personal information processing activities required to conduct business exceed the scope of authorized consent obtained, we will obtain your express consent within a reasonable period after obtaining personal information or before processing personal information, or obtain your express consent through the personal information provider.

1.12. Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent in advance
Please note: In the following circumstances, the collection and use of personal information does not require your authorization and consent:

It is necessary to enter into and perform a contract with an individual as a party;
Necessary to perform statutory duties or legal obligations;
Necessary to respond to public health emergencies or in emergencies to protect the life, health and property safety of natural persons;
Implement news reporting, public opinion supervision and other behaviors for the public interest, and process personal information within a reasonable range;
Process your own personal information, or other legally disclosed personal information (such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels) within a reasonable scope in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations;
Circumstances otherwise provided by laws and administrative regulations.
1.13. Anonymous processing of personal information
Baidu PublicThe company has the right to mine, analyze and utilize the anonymous user data (including commercial use), and has the right to count the use of products/services and share the anonymous statistical information with the public/third parties.

1.14. Device permission call
During the service provision process, in order to ensure that you can use the product functions normally, we will apply to the system for the following system equipment permissions of your device. We will ask your consent before applying. You can choose to "Allow" or "Prohibit" permission application. After you have authorized, we will enable relevant permissions. You can cancel the authorization in the system at any time. Your cancellation of authorization will make you unable to use relevant business functions, but will not make you unable to use other business functions.

The calls to system privacy rights by various business functions are as follows:

Device permissions Business functions Permission authorization method Whether it can be turned off
Storage Image search, scan, mobile phone file management, file download and novel reading Users ask when opening Baidu App for the first time Yes
Wireless network: Various business functions for network connection. Users ask when opening Baidu App for the first time. Yes
Location Search service; Information flow service; Weather service; Local life service; Release service; Welfare area; Baidu flash payment; Address management The pop-up window asks when the user uses geolocation-related business functions for the first time Yes
Address book Use delivery address management and mobile phone recharge functions; quickly fill in related mobile phone numbers by reading address book; invite friends from address book to participate in the event. When users use address book related business functions for the first time, they ask in pop-up windows. Yes
Camera Use image recognition and search services (AR, scan recognition, translation, questions, flowers and garbage); use the short video function to shoot short videos; use Baidu flash payment to scan the code to pay; shoot and publish pictures/video dynamics. The user asked pop-up window when shooting with the camera for the first time. Yes
Album Uploading pictures uses image recognition and search services (AR, scan, translation, title, flower recognition, and garbage recognition); use the short video function to upload short videos; publish pictures/video dynamics; save pictures/video to the album. When the user uploads or saves pictures/video for the first time, he asks Yes
Recording Voice search service; publishing video service; starting live broadcast; sending private messages through voice input. The user asks pop-up window when using relevant functions for the first time. Yes
Notification Send notification message The user asks pop-up window when opening Baidu App for the first time Yes
Calendar When users use expiration reminders and other subscription functions, the user asks pop-up window when using related functions for the first time Yes
Telephone
(Some models are also called "device information" permissions) Improve and optimize service experience; ensure the security of your account The user asked pop-up window when opening Baidu App for the first time Yes
IDFA improves and optimizes service experience; advertising recommendations; ensures the security of your account. Users ask when opening Baidu App for the first time Yes
You can check the privacy permission details and turn off the corresponding permissions through the system settings or in the "Baidu" mobile application [My]-[Privacy Settings]-[App Permission Description]-[Go to App Permission Settings]. In different devices, the permission display method and closing method may be different. Please refer to the instructions or guidance of the device and system developer for details.

1.15. Other purposes that you agree otherwise
When we want to use the information for other purposes not stated in this Privacy Policy, our consent will be sought in advance. When we want to use information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, our consent will be sought in advance.

2. How we use cookies and similar technologies
Cookies and anonymous identifier tools. Cookies are a mechanism that supports server-side (or scripts) to store and retrieve information on the client. When you use the Baidu mobile application product or service, we will send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device. When you interact with the "Baidu" mobile application service, we allow cookies or anonymous identifiers to be sent to Baidu's company servers. Cookies usually contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. Using cookie technology, Baidu can understand your usage habits, remember your preferences, eliminate the steps of entering duplicate information, provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, or help you judge the security of your account. Cookies can also help us count traffic information and analyze the effectiveness of page design and advertising.

We do not use cookies for any purpose other than those described in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. For more information, see AboutCookies.org. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have the ability to block cookies. However, if you do this, you need to change your user settings yourself every time you visit our website, but you may not be able to log in or use the services or features provided by Baidu companies that rely on cookies due to such modifications. You can choose to clear your cookies through [My]-[Settings]-[Clean Cache].

3. How we share, transfer and disclose your personal information
Some of our services will be provided by our partners and for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy only, we may share certain of your personal information with our partners to provide better customer service and user experience. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and explicit purposes, and will only share the personal information necessary for the provision of the services. Unless otherwise authorized by you or otherwise required by laws and regulations, our partners do not have the right to use the shared personal information for any other purpose.

3.1. Sharing
Unless otherwise agreed by you in advance or comply with other laws and regulations, we will not share your personal information with third parties other than Baidu, except when processing cannot identify a specific individual and cannot be restored.

We will investigate the data security environment of the companies, organizations and individuals with which we share personal information and sign strict confidentiality agreements with them, requiring them to take confidentiality and security measures to process personal information in accordance with the law.

3.1.1. Third-party product or service provider.
"Baidu" mobile application has access to a wealth of third-party services (including third-party mini programs). When you use third-party services to access "Baidu" mobile application, you may need to submit your personal information. We will provide your personal information to third parties providing you with your service based on your valid authorization or as necessary to enter into and perform a contract with an individual as a party. When a service provider joins with us to provide you with the information necessary to achieve business purposes. Regarding the specific details of how third-party services collect and use your personal information, it is recommended that you refer to the relevant service agreements and privacy policies of the third-party services.

When you make transactions with a third party in the "Baidu" mobile application and the third party obtains your contact information and delivery address is necessary to provide product services, we will provide the address information you fill in in the "Shipping Address" function and the contact information you provide to the third party that provides you with products or services; when the third party obtains your invoice information as necessary to provide product services, we will provide the invoice information you fill in in invoice management function to the third party that provides you with products or services.

When you participate in marketing activities or services provided by third parties or provided by us in cooperation, you may need to provide your account nickname, avatar, name, contact information and other information based on the service requirements. We will share your personal information with third parties with your consent or when it is necessary for third parties to provide you with marketing activities or service content to ensure that the third party can provide you with smooth services or timely cash out rewards. If you refuse to share, third parties will not be able to provide you with services or deny your participation if you are required to provide you with marketing activities or services. We may share de-identified equipment information with partners to facilitate partners to conduct equipment security verification, identification, filter and intercept cheating and other illegal and irregular situations. In our joint marketing activities with third parties, users' anonymous ID, event progress, red envelopes, cashbacks and other information may be synchronized between multiple event platforms to ensure that you have a complete service experience in the event.

When you use the payment service of a third-party payment agency at the cashier, in order to provide you with payment services and ensure payment security, third-party payment agencies may need to collect your name, ID number, bank card information, validity period, mobile phone number, and device information. Information related to ID card number and bank card are personal sensitive information. These information are necessary for payment functions. Refusing to provide them will cause you to be unable to use the function, but will not affect the normal use of other functions. Third-party payment institutions may obtain your de-identified device information to conduct transaction security verification, identification, and filter and intercept illegal and irregular situations such as wool grabbing and cheating.

"Baidu" mobile application has access to a wealth of third-party mini-program services. Third-party applets may collect and use your relevant information and call your device permissions so that you can use the services it provides. Different third-party mini-program services are collectedThe set, the information used, and the type of device permissions called may vary. When you choose to use third-party applet services, with your authorization and consent, we will provide your information to the third-party applet service provider in accordance with your authorization so that it can provide you with services based on relevant information. When you use applet services, in order to ensure the safe operation of the framework and better provide you with services, we will collect the operation records of your use applets such as login, browsing, using, subscribing, collecting, closing applets, etc.

3.1.2. Affiliated company or user of the same account system
We have highly consistent data security measures and management levels with our affiliates or users of the same account system. In order to jointly provide you with services, improve the security and convenience of your use of products, and ensure consistent service experience, we will share your personal information between affiliated companies or users of the same account system under the premise of complying with legal requirements. In this case, we will only share necessary personal information. If we share your sensitive personal information or the recipient changes the purpose of the use and processing of personal information, you will seek your authorization and consent again.

For users of the same account system, in order to fulfill regulatory requirements, ensure account security, conduct consistent displays, and contact you, we may share your account information based on your effective authorization.

For example: When you use YY live service through your Baidu account, we will share your username, nickname, avatar, follower number, number of fans, comment information, bound mobile phone number, whether you are an adult, account binding name and ID number (only support query when protecting user rights or fulfilling legal obligations).

When you use Du Xiaoman Finance, Youqianhua, and Du Xiaoman Financial Management Services through your Baidu account, we will share your account username, nickname, avatar, binding real-name information (such as name, ID number and mobile phone number), account risk situation (including login), and IP information with the service provider (Chongqing Du Xiaoman Information Technology Co., Ltd.).

3.1.3. You actively choose a third party to share personal information with
You can use the sharing function of the "Baidu" mobile application to share with Baidu friends, QQ friends, WeChat friends, and Weibo friends, including but not limited to information content, search results, etc. that you are interested in. Please fully consider the credibility of the information recipient before using third-party services or sharing features, and recommend that you check the privacy statement of the social network or third-party service provider you are using to understand how they process your information for prudent decision-making.

3.1.4 Advertising and Analysis
In order to achieve advertising push and delivery, advertising monitoring and analysis, and evaluate and optimize advertising delivery results, we may need to share some of the processed information and data with advertisers and/or their entrusted agents and third-party advertising monitoring service providers, such as encryption processing device identifiers (OAID, IDFA), device information (hardware model, operating system, system language, screen, etc.), tag information, log information (advertising click to browse data), effect conversion data, etc. We promise to use technical measures of de-identification, anonymization or encryption algorithms to process data and adopt encrypted transmission methods to ensure data security.

When you actively fill out or submit the form on the ad landing page, we will provide the relevant information (such as name, contact information, address) you actively fill out or submit to the advertiser and/or its entrusted agents and partners so that they can provide you with further services.

3.1.5 Safety and Statistical Analysis
Ensure the safety of use: We attach great importance to the safety of products and/or services. In order to protect your legitimate rights and interests from illegal infringement, our partners may use necessary equipment, accounts and log information.
Analyze product situation: In order to analyze the stability of the product and/or service, partners who provide analysis services may need information such as service usage, equipment identification information, and overall installation and use of the application.
Academic research: In order to improve scientific research capabilities in related fields and promote the level of scientific and technological development, we may use de-identified or anonymous data with scientific research institutes, universities and other institutions on the premise of ensuring data security and legitimate purpose.
3.2. Third-party Software Development Toolkit (SDK)
In order to adapt to the use of "Baidu" mobile applications and third-party platform services on different mobile devices, and ensure the implementation of related functions and the safe and stable operation of applications, the "Baidu" mobile application is connected to the third-party software development kit (SDK). About third partiesFor the specific device permission type that the SDK calls, and how to collect and use your personal information, it is recommended that you refer to the relevant service agreement and privacy policy of the third-party SDK. If you want to know more about the third-party SDK we are connected to, please read the third-party information sharing list.

3.3. Entrusted processing and joint processing
To better provide you with services, we may entrust third-party partners to process your personal information. We will only entrust third-party partners to process your information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and explicit purposes. We will strictly limit the purpose of the trustee's information processing and require the trustee to adopt sufficient data security measures. If a third-party partner uses your information for purposes not entrusted by us, your consent will be obtained separately. The authorized partners we entrust include authorized partners in advertising and analytics services. On the premise of complying with the industry-used security technologies, we will entrust these partners to process information related to advertising delivery, advertising performance, and advertising reach rate. Without your valid authorization, we will not entrust third-party partners to process information that can directly identify you. If you take the initiative to leave your contact information, address information and other personal information for specific third-party partners for them to contact you, they will directly process your personal information.

In the joint processing scenario, we will also sign relevant agreements with partners in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, and fulfill relevant personal information protection obligations.

3.4. Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual other than Baidu, except for the following circumstances:

Get your express authorization or consent in advance;
Meet the requirements of laws and regulations, legal procedures or mandatory government requirements or judicial rulings;
If we or our affiliates are involved in transactions such as mergers, divisions, liquidation, acquisitions or sale of assets or businesses, your personal information may be transferred as part of such transactions. We will ensure the confidentiality of such information at the time of transfer, inform you of the recipient's name or name and contact information, and to the best of the best possible ensure that new companies and organizations holding your personal information continue to be bound by this privacy policy. If the purpose and method of the receiver's processing change occurs, we will ask the company and organization to seek authorization and consent from you again.
3.5. Public disclosure
We will only disclose your personal information publicly if:

Get your separate consent;
Based on laws and regulations, legal procedures, litigation or mandatory requirements of government authorities.
When a penalty announcement is made for illegal accounts and violations, we will disclose information about the relevant accounts. This information will inevitably include account-related authentication information and violations.
3.6. Exceptions to obtain authorization and consent in advance when sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing personal information
In the following circumstances, sharing, transferring, and publicly disclosing personal information does not require the authorization and consent of the personal information subject in advance:

It is necessary to enter into and perform a contract with an individual as a party;
Necessary to perform statutory duties or legal obligations;
Necessary to respond to public health emergencies or in emergencies to protect the life, health and property safety of natural persons;
Implement news reporting, public opinion supervision and other behaviors for the public interest, and process personal information within a reasonable range;
Process your own personal information, or other legally disclosed personal information (such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels) within a reasonable scope in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations;
Circumstances otherwise provided by laws and administrative regulations.
4. How we store and protect your personal information
4.1. Storage period
We will keep your personal information within the period required to provide the service, but if laws and regulations stipulate otherwise, you agree to retain a longer period of time, ensure the safety and quality of the service, and achieve the purpose of dispute resolution, etc., after the above-mentioned retention period expires, we will extend the retention period in accordance with the law, in accordance with the contract or within a reasonable scope.

After the shelf life is exceeded, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with the law.

4.2. Storage area
The personal information we collect and generate within the territory of the People's Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China. If your personal information may be transferred to overseas jurisdictions in the country where you use the products or services, or are accessed from these jurisdictions, we will strictly fulfill the obligations stipulated by laws and regulations and obtain your separate consent in advance in accordance with the law. Such jurisdictions may have different data protection laws, or even no relevant laws are established. HereIn such cases, we will transmit your personal information in accordance with the provisions of current Chinese laws and ensure that your personal information is protected by equal protection within the territory of the People's Republic of China. For example, we will ask your consent to the transfer of personal information across borders, or implement security measures such as data de-identification before cross-border data transfer.

4.3. Safety measures
We will collect, use, store and transmit user information on the principle of "minimization", and inform you of the purpose and scope of use of relevant information through the user agreement and privacy policy.
We attach great importance to information security. We have established a dedicated team to develop and apply a variety of security technologies and procedures. We will conduct security background reviews on security management leaders and personnel in key security positions. We have established a complete information security management system and internal security incident handling mechanism. We will take appropriate security measures and technical means to store and protect your personal information in accordance with industry standards to prevent your information from being lost, unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, damage, loss or leakage. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. We use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of our data; we use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being attacked by malicious attacks.
We will conduct data security awareness training and assessment of security capabilities for employees to strengthen their understanding of the importance of protecting personal information. We will authenticate and control the identity of employees who process personal information, and will sign confidentiality agreements with employees and partners who are in contact with your personal information, clarify job responsibilities and code of conduct, and ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information. If there is any violation of the confidentiality agreement, the cooperation with Baidu will be immediately terminated and relevant legal responsibilities will be pursued. Confidentiality requirements will be made for those who are exposed to personal information when leaving their posts.
We remind you to note that the Internet is not an absolutely secure environment. When you interact with other users through third-party social software, emails, text messages, etc. embedded in the "Baidu" mobile application, you are not sure whether the information transmission by the third-party software is completely encrypted. Pay attention to ensuring the security of your personal information.
We also ask you to understand that in the Internet industry, due to technological limitations and rapid development and various malicious attacks that may exist, even if we do our best to strengthen security measures, it is impossible to always ensure 100% security of information. Please understand that the systems and communication networks you use when using our products and/or services may have security problems in other links outside our control.
According to our security management system, personal information leakage, damage or loss incidents are listed as major security incidents. Once it occurs, an emergency plan at the company level will be initiated. A joint emergency response team will be formed by a joint emergency response team including the Ministry of Security, Government Relations, and Legal Affairs.
4.4. Security incident notification
We will formulate emergency plans for network security incidents, promptly deal with security risks such as system vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, and network intrusions. When an incident that endangers network security occurs, we will immediately activate the emergency plan, take corresponding remedial measures, and report to the relevant competent departments in accordance with regulations.
The leakage, damage and loss of personal information are major security incidents at the company level. We will be responsible for regularly organizing working group members to conduct security plan drills to prevent such security incidents from occurring. If an unfortunate incident occurs, we will initiate the emergency plan according to the highest priority and form an emergency emergency team to trace the cause and reduce losses in the shortest time.
After an unfortunate personal information security incident occurs, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the handling measures we have taken or will take, the suggestions for risks that you can prevent and reduce independently, and remedial measures for you, etc. We will promptly inform you of the relevant situations of the incident through site notifications, text messages, phone numbers, emails, etc., etc., and we will use reasonable and effective methods to publish announcements when it is difficult to inform them one by one. At the same time, we will also actively report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities. Please understand that according to the provisions of laws and regulations, if the measures we take can effectively avoid the harm caused by information leakage, tampering, or loss, unless the regulatory authorities require you to notify you, we may choose not to notify you of the personal information security incident.
5. Your rights
In accordance with relevant Chinese laws and regulations, we guarantee that you exercise your rights to review, copy, correct, supplement, delete, withdraw consent and other rights to your personal information. If you have questions or claims about the exercise of your rights, you can also use [8.How to contact us] to get in touch with us.

5.1. Review, correct, supplement, withdraw authorization, delete
Account Management: You can log in to passport.baidu.com at any time or visit [My]-[Settings]-[Account Management] to access, edit, modify, delete personal information in your account, change your password, associate or unbind your account, authenticate your identity, and appeal your account. .
System permissions: You can directly turn off the system permissions such as precise geolocation information, address book, camera, microphone, album permissions, etc. in the device system, change the scope of consent or withdraw your authorization. After withdrawing the authorization, we will no longer collect information related to these permissions, but it will not affect our previous personal information processing based on your authorization.
Usage information: You can view or clear your search history and browsing history in the "Baidu" mobile application. You can turn off your historical record display through [My]-[Privacy Settings]-[History Settings]-[Search History] and [My]-[Privacy Settings]-[History] in the "Baidu" mobile application.
Publish interactive information: You can access, delete content of your posting activity, follow fans, collect, like, etc. in the "Baidu" mobile application.
Order information: You can check or clear the order records, transaction records, points redemption records and card coupon information in the "Baidu" mobile application or a third-party platform connected to the "Baidu" mobile application.
We may provide you with a variety of operation settings depending on the specific situation of different functions. You can operate according to specific instructions through the "My-Personal Homepage", "My-Settings-Privacy Settings" or the use page of the individual function. We will continuously optimize your channels and experience in exercising your rights. If you have any questions or needs, you can contact us through the methods agreed in this agreement.

When you find that the personal information we process about you is incorrect or incomplete, and your identity is verified and the correction does not affect the objectivity and accuracy of the information, you have the right to correct or supplement the wrong or incomplete information.

After you withdraw your authorization, we will not be able to continue to provide you with the services corresponding to withdraw your consent, and will no longer use your corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the previous personal information processing based on your consent. Please note, however, that we may not be able to respond to your request to change the scope of authorization for some types of personal information, such as information necessary to implement basic functions or information necessary to fulfill our obligations under laws and regulations.

When you delete information from our services, we may not delete the corresponding information in the backup system immediately, but will delete the information when the backup is updated. Please know and understand that if the retention period stipulated by laws, administrative regulations or the description of this privacy policy has not expired, or if the deletion of personal information is technically difficult to achieve, we will stop processing other than storing and taking necessary security protection measures.

5.2. Copy and export
If you need to copy or export your personal information, you can view and export a copy of your personal information in the "Baidu" mobile application [My-Settings].

5.3. Cancel your account
You can cancel your previously registered account. You can log in to passport.baidu.com to cancel your Baidu account.
You can cancel your account in the "Baidu" mobile application through the following path: [My]-[Settings]-[Account Management]-[Account Logout].
Once you cancel your Baidu account, you will not be able to use the services of Baidu's entire user products, so please be cautious. In order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of you or others, we will determine whether you support your cancellation request based on your use of each product of Baidu. For example, if you have unpaid royalties in Baidu experience, or if you still have information on your network disk, we will not support your request immediately. Unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, after canceling the account, we will stop providing you with products and services and delete your personal information according to your requirements.
If you only need to clear your usage traces in the "Baidu" mobile application, you can refer to the following path to implement it: [My]-[Settings]-[Account Management]-[Account Logout]-[Login of Use Data of this APP].
When you authorize the "Baidu" mobile application through a third-party account (such as WeChat, Weibo, QQ, etc.), you need to apply to the third party to cancel your account.
5.4. Get informed in advance of the right to stop operating the product and service.
"Baidu" mobile application is willing to always be with you, if it is for special reasonsIf "Baidu" mobile application products cease operation, we will notify you within a reasonable period of time on the main page or website of the product or service, or send you an email or other suitable method that can reach you, and will stop collecting your personal information. At the same time, we will delete or anonymize your collected personal information in accordance with the law.

5.5. Right to be interpreted
You have the right to request that we explain the rules for processing personal information. You can contact us via the contact information in Part 8.

5.6. Personalized content management
In order to facilitate you to control the personalized information you want to receive independently, you can dynamically adjust your interests and preferences through the following paths. We will push relevant personalized content to you based on your choices.

You can dynamically adjust the channel you are interested in in "Channel Management" in the settings item on the "Baidu" mobile application homepage, and drag and sort it. The "Baidu" mobile application will adjust it according to your channel to display the content you are interested in on the homepage.
Path: [The "﹢" icon on the right side of the channel list below the home search box]-[Channel Management]-[Edit]
You can also make adjustments at any time when browsing personalized recommendations. If you do not like or are not interested in personalized recommended content, you can turn off the content at any time by clicking the "×" icon or the "..." icon in the lower right or upper right corner of the content, or you can choose to "not interested" in the content. If you choose to "not interested" in this content, we will reduce the recommendations of similar content based on your choice. We also provide a report/feedback portal to listen to your opinions and suggestions.
path:
[The "×" icon or "..." icon in the lower right or upper right corner of the content]-[Reason for selection]-[OK]
[The "×" icon or "..." icon in the lower right or upper right corner of the content]-[Not interested]
["×" icon at the bottom right or upper right of the content]-[Report/Feedback]
[The “…” icon at the bottom right of the content]-[Not interested]-[Report/Feedback]
If you do not want to receive relevant personalized content to you based on your interests and preferences, you can turn off personalized content recommendations through [My]-[Privacy Settings]-[Recommended Settings]-[Receive Interest Recommendations]. When you choose to turn off personalized content recommendations, you cannot enjoy personalized recommendation services. We will show you content based on non-personalized factors such as content popularity. You may see content that you are not interested in or even like, and your user experience may be affected.
You can also turn off searching for personalized recommendations through [My]-[Privacy Settings]-[Search Personalized Recommendations]. When you choose to turn off search personalized recommendations, your search history, search discovery, and search drop-down words will not use your search history to provide you with more relevant search content, and your user experience may be affected.
5.7. Personalized advertising management
We may collect and use advertising logo information that complies with national or industry group standards. The logo is generated based on non-sensitive personal information such as device model and system configuration, so as to protect your privacy and service security while providing you with more personalized advertisements, so that you can enjoy more convenient services. After we launch this feature, we will also provide you with the turn off function and inform you of the turn off path. If you do not want us to use the advertising logo information for the above purposes, you can choose to turn off at any time. After closing, we will no longer obtain or process the Internet advertising logo.
If you don’t like or are not interested in the ad we push for you, you can turn off the ad at any time by clicking the “×” icon in the lower right corner of the ad, or you can choose to “not interested” in the ad. If you choose to "not interested" in this ad, we will adjust your personalized recommendation strategy based on your feedback. We also provide a report/feedback portal to listen to your opinions and suggestions.
path:
["×" icon at the bottom right of the ad] - [Reason for selection] - [Confirm]
["×" icon at the bottom right of the ad]-[Not interested]
["×" icon at the bottom right of the ad]-[Report/Feedback]
If you do not want to receive relevant personalized advertising content to you based on your interests and preferences, you can choose to turn off personalized content recommendations through [My]-[Privacy Settings]-[Advertising Settings]-[Close Personalized Advertising]. When you choose to turn off personalized advertising recommendations, you cannot enjoy personalized recommendation services. We will show you content based on non-personalized factors such as content popularity. You may see advertisements that you are not interested in or even like, and your user experience may be affected.
Programmatic advertising is based on your application within a third-partyThe preference for intelligent recommendation in the "Baidu" mobile application is one of the general advertising technologies. We only provide programmatic advertising docking technology and will not obtain your behavior or personal data within third-party applications. You can select to turn on or off the technology by turning on/off the [My]-[Privacy Settings]-[Advertising Settings]-[Plant]-[Plant Programmatic Advertising] switch. If you turn on the switch, the number of ads you see will not decrease, but the accuracy of the ad will decrease.
You can select reset or turn off OAID (anonymous device identifier) ​​through the system [Settings] in the Android terminal device. Different terminal devices will have different expressions and operation paths, and the specific equipment you are using shall prevail.
5.8. Exceptions to the exercise of rights
We may not be able to respond to your request for review, correction and supplement, deletion, copying and portable, informed or decided in the following circumstances:

Directly related to national security and national defense security;
Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interests;
Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
We have sufficient evidence to show that you have subjective malicious intentions or abuse of your rights (if your request will endanger public safety and the legitimate rights and interests of others, or that your request is beyond the scope of general technical means and commercial costs);
Responding to the request of the personal information subject will seriously damage the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals and organizations;
involving trade secrets;
Circumstances otherwise provided by laws and administrative regulations.
5.9. How to respond to your rights request
To be safe, you may need to provide a written request, or otherwise prove your identity. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. After passing the verification, we will respond within fifteen working days.

In principle, we do not charge any fees for your reasonable request, but we will charge a certain fee for requests that are repeated repeatedly and exceed the reasonable limits. We may reject requests that are unreasonable, require too many technical means (e.g., require the development of a new system or fundamentally change existing practices), bring risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very impractical (e.g., involving information stored on backup tapes).

6. How we process personal information of minors
Baidu attaches great importance to the protection of minors' information.

Our products and services are mainly aimed at adults. We will only process personal information of minors with permission from laws and regulations, with the consent of parents or other guardians.

If you are a minor under the age of 14, before using the "Baidu" mobile application products and services, you should ask your parents or other guardians to read carefully, or read this privacy policy and the "Baidu Children's Personal Information Protection Statement" carefully under the supervision and guidance of your parents or other guardians, and use our products and services, or provide us with information.

If we find that our personal information of minors under the age of 14 has been collected without prior verifiable parent or other guardian consent, we will take measures to delete the relevant information as soon as possible. If at any time the guardian has reason to believe that we have collected personal information of minors without the guardian's consent, please contact us through [My]-[Settings]-[Help and Feedback] in the "Baidu" mobile application, and we will take measures to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.

7. Revision of Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy may change.

We will not reduce your rights in accordance with this Privacy Policy without your express consent. We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on this page.

For major changes, we will notify you on the main exposure pages of the product or service or on-site messages or send you an email or other suitable way to reach you. If you do not agree to these changes, please stop using "Baidu" mobile application products and services immediately.

Major changes referred to in this Policy include, but are not limited to:

Our service model has changed significantly. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, the way of using personal information, etc.;
We have undergone major changes in ownership structure, organizational structure, etc. Such as changes in owners caused by business adjustments, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc.;
The main objects of personal information being provided, transferred or disclosed to the public have changed;
Your rights in participating in the processing of personal information and their exercises have undergone significant changes;
When the responsible departments, contact information and complaint channels for handling personal information security change;
personal informationSafety Impact Assessment Reports indicate high risks.
If there are any matters not covered by this Privacy Policy, the Baidu Privacy Protection Statement shall prevail.

8. How to contact us
The growth of "Baidu" mobile application cannot be separated from the joint efforts of user experts from all parties. We thank you very much for your contribution to the data update and feedback on "Baidu" mobile application.

You can use [My]-[Settings]-[Help and Feedback] to feedback your suggestions on the "Baidu" mobile application and the problems encountered during use, so as to help us optimize product functions and services, so that more users can use our products and services more conveniently.

You can contact us through the personal information protection feedback platform (http://help.baidu.com/personalinformation).

You can also contact us through the following contact information:

No. 10 Shangdi Street, Haidian District, Beijing, China

Beijing Baidu Netxun Technology Co., Ltd. Legal Department

Postal Code: 100085

In order to ensure that we handle your problems efficiently and promptly provide feedback to you, you need to submit proof of identity, valid contact information, written requests and relevant evidence, and we will process your request while verifying your identity.

If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if you believe that our personal information processing behavior has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek a solution through the following external channels: file a lawsuit with the Haidian District People's Court of Beijing.

Attachment: Explanation of nouns
Personal information refers to various information related to an identified or identifiable natural person recorded electronically or otherwise, and does not include anonymous information. Personal information includes name, gender, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address, communication contact information, communication records and content, account number and password, property information, credit information, whereabouts, accommodation information, health and physiological information, transaction information, etc.

Sensitive personal information refers to personal information that is easily infringed on the personal dignity of a natural person or the personal and property safety of his/herself, including biometrics, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical health, financial accounts, whereabouts, etc., as well as personal information of minors under the age of fourteen.

Devices refer to devices that can be used to use Baidu products and/or services, such as desktop devices, tablets or smartphones.

Device information may include device attribute information of the terminal device you use to install and run "Baidu" mobile application (such as the user's hardware model, operating system version and system situation, device configuration, international mobile device identity code IMEI, international mobile user identification code IMSI, network device hardware address MAC, advertising identifier IDFA, supplier identifier IDFV, mobile device identification code MEID, anonymous device identifier OAID, integrated circuit card identification code ICCID, Android ID, BSSID, UAID, hardware serial number and other device identifiers), device connection information (such as browser type, telecom operator, language used, WIFI information), and device status information (such as device application installation list, sensor).

Log information refers to the requests you automatically record when accessing the "Baidu" mobile application, such as your IP address, the type of browser and the language used, hardware device information, the version of the operating system, the information of the network operator, the date, time, and duration of your access to the service, etc., that you provide, form or retain when using our products or services.

Cookies refer to a mechanism that supports server-side (or scripts) to store and retrieve information on the client, extending web-based client/server applications by adding simple and continuous client state. The server sends a status information while returning an HTTP object to the client and saves it by the client. The valid URL range under this state is explained in the status information. After that, the HTTP requests within the range initiated by the client will return the current value of the status information from the client to the server, which is called a cookie.

Location information refers to the precise location information obtained through GPS information, WLAN access points, Bluetooth, base stations and other sensor information, and also includes rough geographical location information obtained through IP addresses or other network information.

User portrait refers to the personal characteristics of a specific natural person, such as his occupation, economy, health, education, personal preferences, credit, and behavior by collecting, analyzing personal information.The process of making analysis or predictions in other aspects and forming their personal characteristics models. Directly using the personal information of a specific natural person to form a characteristic model of the natural person, which is called a direct user portrait. Use personal information from a specific natural person, such as data from the group where he is located, to form a characteristic model of the natural person, which is called an indirect user portrait.

Deidentification refers to the process in which personal information is processed so that it cannot identify a specific natural person without the help of additional information.

Anonymization refers to the process in which the subject of personal information cannot be identified and the processed information cannot be restored through technical processing of personal information. The information obtained after personal information is anonymously processed does not belong to personal information.

Baidu platform refers to websites, programs, services, tools and clients such as Baidu's specialized channels or platform services (including Baidu Search, Baidu Encyclopedia, Baidu Know, Baidu Tieba, Baidu Pictures, Baidu Mobile Assistant and other Baidu-based products https://www.baidu.com/more/).

Affiliated companies refer to the single or collective name of Beijing Baidu Netxun Technology Co., Ltd., the operator of "Baidu" mobile application, and other companies that have an affiliated relationship with Baidu Company. "Affiliation" means any subject (including an individual, a company, a partnership, an organization or any other entity), that is, the subject that it directly or indirectly controls, or directly or indirectly controls it, or directly or indirectly controlled by the same subject. The aforementioned "control" refers to the right to directly or indirectly possessing the power to give instructions to the management and decisions of the relevant subjects or instructing others to give instructions or to actually constitute other relationships that actually constitute actual control.

Thank you again for your trust and use of "Baidu" mobile application!

Beijing Baidu Netxun Technology Co., Ltd.

Updated: February 11, 2025

Effective Date: February 18, 2025

Must read before using Baidu Beijing ICP Certificate No. 030173-23